# Club Sandwich

How many student-run or school-sponsored clubs have the resources, skills, or
knowledge to manage their own communications or collaboration platform, or even
just their own website? Club Sandwich solves this problem by providing the tools
these clubs need to organize, manage, and market their club activities.

Currently, the tools that student clubs use are quite fragmented, and many with
a price tag that they can't afford with their level of funding. Club Sandwich
will help bring those tools together, and allow clubs to work with other clubs,
their network, and their sponsors in an organized and modern way. All this at a
price that clubs can afford.

## Communication

Communicate with the people involved in your club using our chat app. Keep the
conversation focused on the goals on the club in some channels, or relax and
have fun in other channels. Be able to communicate via text, voice, or video
whenever the need arises. Stream your meetings to gain a wider audience, and
watch the video of the meetings on your own time.

## Collaboration

Of course, collaboration means organizing and communicating with your club
members to work on club-related activities. What if you want to work with other
clubs within your school, or in other schools? Club Sandwich can help you do
that. This is a good idea, because what if your club wants experience working on
bigger projects that impact the world, or your resume, in a big way. Want to
manage your club's relationship with sponsors or other partners? Club Sandwich
can help you manage projects in collaboration with sponsors or partners to help
your members build a relationship with them, to ease the pipeline towards future
employment or other opportunities as well.

## Marketing
Let Club Sandwich provide you with a professional, useful starting website for
your club. Want to customize the website, or even create the website yourself?
Club Sandwich has you covered. With lots of resources for learning, and a forum
to get help from others, you can get the help you need to make your website
stand out, and be the website you intended to have.
